What happens when you initialize a repositor? Why do you need to do it?

When you use the command git init, you create a git respository of a
directory. You can use the command git status to track the git status of
a directory. No commits are listed when a repository is created, as you
are responsible for creating commits yourself. You should do this when
you want to track the history of your files. For example, these
reflections
are now being tracked in a git repository as a way of learning.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where your files go when you run the command git
add; it is the in-between area of a directory and a commit. You don't
need to put all of the files in your working directory (e.g. reflections)
into the staging area, but all of the files in the staging area come
from your working directory. NOTE: git diff with no arguments shows
difference between working directory and staging area. git diff --staged
shows difference between staging area and what you would be commiting.
git reset --hard removes un-commited changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

With all the different commands you can run in the staging area,
you can see the differences between the change(s) you want to commit,
the previous commits, the differences between your staging area and
your working directory, and the previous changes. You can use these
tools to make sure you have one commit per logical change.
NOTE: git branch <new-branch-name> creates new branch. Run git checkout
<new-branch-name> to switch to new branch.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

Branches ( to be clear ) are commits that don't follow a linear pattern
of changes. For example, I just changed the game file for the
asteroids game to have a branch called easy mode. You can check out
and change branches without affecting the others. The default branch
is the master branch. Anywho, branches can defnitely be helpful in
keeping your history organized because you can see edifferent places
where you decided to try something new or add something experimental, etc,
without having to change your entire project if you don't want to.
They can also be helpful in boosting confidence that you're project won't
break all the way through if your experimental change doesn't work.
NOTE: see branch log with command git log --graph --oneline <branch1>
<branch2>
NOTE: git checkout -b <new-branch-name> also creates new branch

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams of branches help you visualize the structure by showing what
changes were made where, what similarities each branch has with the other
branches, which things are separate, etc. It makes it much easier to
follow what you've done.
NOTE: merging combines branches
NOTE: use command git merge <branch1> <branch2> to merge branches
NOTE: delete branch after merging - doesn't delete contents, just label
NOTE: use git show commit_id to find parent of commit in merged file
NOTE: use git branch -d <branch_name> to delete a branch

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together has the effect of adding the changes from
both branches into one entity. The diagram represents this similarly
to a merge on a street, and this is so you can see what changes
were made in which branch when you go back through.